# Sprint-Review-and-Retrospective
CS 250 : 8-2 Journal Assignment


# How do I interpret user needs and implement them into a program? How does creating “user stories” help with this?
User stories are a form that susinctly tells the Scrum team exactly what the customer needs in an, "As a __ I want to __ so that I can __" format. This is incredibly helpful as part of the development team as it will give specific pass/fail requirements of what each task needs in order to be considered "completed". Similarly, communication is very important in the agile process. Being able to discuss and get more feedback when we feel it is necessary for more opaque asks from user stories ensures that the developmental process does not waste time on what we THINK the customer wants, but instead can clarify what is actually needed from the team. User stories takes the back and forth process down to an absolute minimum as everything wanted and needed should be listed within the story in plain text. 

# How do I approach developing programs? What Agile processes do I hope to incorporate into my future development work?
As a new learner to creating programs, I love the idea of pair programming and test-driven development. Although, if I had to pick just one I would say pair programming. The idea that I can gain more knowledge and practice by being paired with a more senior and experienced developer or tester would allow me to sink into the role of coding with more confidence, as I would be able to have someone help me through the process and catch mistakes or ways that I am coding in a roundabout way for a more susinct and streamlined code the first time around. As it is, while my final projects are relatively good, it does take a lot more trial and error and I tend to write more than necessary before testing. Which, in turn, makes it more difficult if and when there are bugs. 

# What does it mean to be a good team member in software development?
To be a good team mmemmber, in any role in the Scrum team, communication and willingness to fail are the most important, in my opinion. From my previous work experience, both in the work force and in educational settings, the lack of speaking up to offer ideas and start the conversation stem from the fear of being incorrect, and even more so, ridiculed or thought less of because we didn't know the correct answer straight off the bat. The fact that the Agile process encourages sharing and the ability to be incorrect or "fail" since that only leads to more learning which, in turn, leads to a better final product, alieviates so much stress from my shoulders. Also, the ability and willingness to communicate in different styles means you can ask for help when needed, and can share the entire process, whether it be brainstorming, coding, or how to approach a different team member or boss with an issue that you have with much mmore confidence. Having an open communication channel in a team encourages more trust and collaboration which is better for the team, the company, and the customer.
